{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16440\viewh12320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 1. What is your desired compensation range? (Range meaning the least you're comfortable with to the most you think you're worth.)\

\b0 \
My financial situation is improved lately, in that my home mortgage is paid off.\
The last time (5+ years ago?) i talked with SparkFun, i couldn't work for as little as was offered\'85 i've forgotten the particulars.\
\
Now, i could perhaps get by for as little as $60k, but i'm embarking on an expensive pursuit
\b *
\b0  soon, so i definitely don't want to sell myself short.\
\
Maybe i'm worth $75k/yr, but i'm not willing to go work in a "sweat shop" environment where that would be realized.  'Was earning even more than that (~$83k) several years ago as a SysAdmin, but i also feel i was "over-promoted" at the time by a co-worker turned boss, who felt i needed more pay to justify his own salary, as he freely admitted at the time that i was a more qualified SA than he was, etc..\
\
'Sure do appreciate the rise in the cost of living, and that wages have generally not kept pace.\
\
I believe i'm making $67-something now, and that feels adequate to me.\
\
\

\b 2. When can you start?\

\b0 \
Newsflash:\
\
   A fellow SA at my present job just announced (06/29/16) that he's leaving.  This complicates matters for me, because i'm not generally  the sort of person to stick this organization with a double-wammy of 2 out of it's 3 SAs bailing at nearly the same time.\
\
   3 years ago, that's exactly what happened to me \'85 2 other SAs bailed within a couple weeks of each other (they were at each others throats, and unfortunately that's just how it happened to work out).\
\
   Can SparkFun wait until ~September?\'85 maybe sooner, if we're able to get a 3rd SA back-on board sooner.\
\
\
I was going to say:\
\
   Given that i'd be starting over again with PTO accrual, i would love to take a couple weeks off in the near term before i'd start with any new job.\
\

\b    *
\b0  My mentioned "hobby" is a new (to me, but used) motor glider that i'm going to fly home to Boulder on July 8th.  Spending a couple weeks getting to know the ship inside & out would be great.  I have big plans for it.\
\
\

\b 3. Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next six months that we should know about?\

\b0 \
Nah, nothing i couldn't likely satisfy with an extended weekend here or there.  I prefer not to travel at major holidays, and would gladly swap 'em for other "non-mainstream" time-off\'85 but even so, "travel" isn't something i tend to partake in.\
\
\

\b 4. SparkFun is a dog-friendly environment. Are you comfortable working around dogs? If you are a dog-owner, would you see yourself bringing a dog to work?\

\b0 \
My Malamute, Sitka would love to come to work with me again
\b **
\b0 .\
\
The furry beast that she is, she doesn't deal well with the heat of Summer (or Spring, or Fall for that matter), and given that i'm primarily a bicycle commuter, it's mostly best to leave her at home where it's cool.  But she doesn't have unlimited bladder capacity either, so if we're doing that, i need to limit my hours away from home.  Having a housemate (i don't presently, but am seeking some), might help too.  I'm a proficient telecommuter.\
\
Sitka's got "alpha dominance" issues \'85 but is way better now than when i first got her as an adoptee at 5 years.  It seems to me that she can be any other dog's friend (or at least be tolerant) eventually, but i have to be careful with her upon initial introductions\'85 we've both learned a lot that way.  Alpha issues don't factor-in if it's an un-neutered male she's meeting \'85 one whiff, and she goes nuts for those guys\'85 'very amusing.\
\

\b ** 
\b0 She used to come to work with me frequently at my present job, but "anonymous employees" (rather suspect, frankly), took exception to canines in the work place and the policy was subsequently changed.  It's been kind of rough on both of us (as well as others that brought their canine friends in), but we've adjusted.\
\
\

\b 5. The active sysadmin keeps up on happenings in the world of development and technology. Where do you you get your news?\

\b0 \
At my present position, i attend colloquiums and other presentations as time & schedule allow.\
\
I subscribe to the CERT for security briefs.\
\
I subscribe to the SparkFun newsletter\'85 always good stuff there to tantalize my imagination.\
\
Hmm.  'Just occurs to me that i haven't seen anything from BLUG (Boulder Linux Users Group) in a long while.  Have they gone dormant?  I'll have to check on that.  'Used to occasionally attend their meetings if an interesting speaker/topic was lined-up.\
...\
No, they're still happening.  Apparently i need to re-subscribe \'85 or rather, it looks like i need to join their meetup.com group.\
Done.\
\
Like any good geek, most of my information these days comes from on-line reading.\
\
\

\b 6. The sane sysadmin does things other than managing systems. What else occupies your time?\

\b0 \
Soaring is my real passion in life.  I discovered it as a teenager, when my folks bought me an intro' flight, but then took it up in earnest in '89.  I had to abandon it ($!) in ~'01 when i set about procuring real estate and building a highly sustainable dwelling.  \
\
Maintaining & improving my home still occupies much of my time.  It's still a work in progress.\
\
I'm a sustainability enthusiast, and climate activist.  We're teetering on the edge.  That point of fact probably doesn't contribute to my sanity.\
\
I like to get out on my mountain bike, light-weight backpacking in alpine terrain, and skiing (tele'), but am decidedly allergic to traffic jams & driving places in general, which limits such adventuring \'85at least as compared to days gone by.  Now, i mostly try to think globally, & play locally.\
\
My intentions with the motor glider are to become proficient with it first, but then i'm highly motivated to replace it's internal combustion engine with an electric motor, batteries, and solar-PV.  That sort of project will involve extensive collaboration & perhaps even sponsorship of some form.\
\
I've experimented a fair bit with different electric-assist bicycle configurations, and to further my knowledge & skills as warm-up for the sailplane conversion project, i'm also getting started on electrifying a dual-sport motorbike.\
\
Something i have very much enjoyed in the past ~decade is snow kiting.  Suitable terrain is limited here in Colorado however\'85 you need altitude here.  A potential trade-off is latitude\'85 but that involves much longer commutes (that i prefer to avoid).  'Tempting to explore water-based kite boarding\'85 but again, there's limited "terrain" for that locally.  I haven't developed proficiency with a "mountain board" yet, and the learning curve there is steep & bruising.\
\
'Intrigued with contemporary telemetry-enabled RC gear, and think that i might enjoy getting into model sailplanes.  TBD.\
\
\

\b 7. The worldly sysadmin is in touch with some form of culture (books, music, film, etc.). How do you go about feeding this part of your brain?
\b0 \
\
I do read books on occasion, but you'd hardly ever find me in a movie theater.  I tried both the Sundance Doc' Club recently, and also Curiosity Stream, but neither held my attention for long.\
\
I'm more likely to go out to see live music here in Boulder, or maybe Denver.\
\
I'm a long-time KGNU / CommunityRadio devotee, and especially like the diversity of programming they offer.\
\
At home, i share space with short-term guests via the likes of AirBnB\'85 that's often interesting, sometimes (as this week) having international guests.\
\
\
}